feat: support xml parser from string (#103)
aconrad/pycobertura: CHANGES.md

## Unreleased

> * Support loading xml from string directly. Thanks @williamfzc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support loading Cobertura reports from an XML string. Thanks @williamfzc
```
